humanity's facing the greatest danger
ever
our sun's fading in 500 years
the entire solar system will be plunged
into darkness and eternal cold
to save our civilization people begin to
build a huge spaceship
that will accommodate the population of
the whole world inside
and go into deep space
in less than 400 years the construction
of the ship
is finally completed the sun is already
nearing its end
it's much smaller and cooler making the
climate on earth
cold and harsh you and the rest of the
inhabitants of the planet
are going on board the greatest ship in
history
the boarding itself began several years
ago before the ship was even fully built
to avoid a multi-billion crowd an
electronic schedule was organized
sending invitations to those whose turn
it was to board
soon several million people could board
within a month
the main rule is to travel light you
bring two sets of clothing
personal hygiene items a phone
headphones
and your favorite book you arrive to the
boarding site and see a huge
arc the size of a large island twice the
height of the empire state building
around the ship there's a huge city
clinging to its walls
construction workers and engineers have
been living here for decades
you're standing in a long line one of a
hundred
access to the ship is granted to those
who have a valid id
the id is linked to that person's
resting area
one person is given 20 square feet of
space
there's a bed and a nightstand inside of
course
there would need to be much less space
if people would just lay down in sleep
capsules and flew to a new planet
but no planet suitable for life has been
found yet
so the ship is going to be your home for
a long time
much of the ship's space is occupied by
the engine room
huge power generators and powerful
engines will support the long-term
movement
of a heavy ship in outer space
at last the boarding and settlement is
over the engines are starting
a voice is coming from the speakers
throughout the ship counting down from
ten
these are your last seconds on earth the
ark
takes off burning down the whole area it
was standing on
people look down at their receding home
with sadness
but it's replaced with hope as they turn
their gazes to the skies
the whole ship is divided into 200 large
sections
varying in size each section is a
country
despite this division the rules on the
ship are the same for everyone
generate energy keep the peace and help
each other
the energy is produced by exercise bikes
a person pedals and generates kinetic
energy that fuels the engines
this is everyone's daily duty for at
least an hour every morning
you take an exercise bike and work out
ensuring normal operation of the ship
maintaining your physical activity and
reducing stress
then you eat and go to work here just
like on earth
you pass by shops libraries and cinemas
the currency is unified for everyone on
board
with the money you earn you can move
from your small cabin to a larger one
and of course just like on earth some
people easily get a lot of money
while others work 24 7 for a penny
this inequality doesn't bother you so
much as it used to though
people of the future have learned to
appreciate peace and quiet
so no one risks to fight in the limited
living space amidst the black void
throughout the ship there are nature
zones these are small botanical gardens
that are grown with the help of
artificial light
plants give oxygen to the ship and help
people feel more at home
water reserves are large but still
limited to help conserve it
people process their bodily fluids
they're collected in special tanks
filtered carefully purified and then
sent back to the drinking and technical
water vessels
every person turns over 50 percent of
their waste into water
fresh water is replenished from space
itself
once every few years the ship approaches
a planet
with the help of scanners and x-rays
geologists find
underground rivers or lakes then they
send a drilling rig there
pump out the necessary amount of water
and pull it back to the ship
unfortunately there's nothing useful on
these planets except
water most planets don't have an
atmosphere
and are unsuitable for human life people
are looking for a place with ideal
conditions
they're looking for the earth's double
with the help of modern food
technologies scientists have managed to
replace natural vegetables
fruits and meat with artificial ones
real apples or potatoes are also
available but they're rare
and extremely pricey
now the ship's been plowing the expanses
of space for several decades
people are used to their new way of life
children are born
generations change the kids born and
raised on the space arc
listen wide-eyed to stories of old
people
about how beautiful life was on earth
but with every passing year fewer and
fewer of those who remember their home
planet
are left on the ship the ark's children
are slowly coming to accept
that the ship may remain their home
forever but they still continue to
search
scientists use powerful telescopes and
equipment to explore space
and every day they seek potentially
habitable planets
still nothing's nearby the most
promising worlds are
thousands of light years away from the
ship
meanwhile the peaceful spirit of the
first generation of arc dwellers
is gone people begin to break the rules
and discontent is growing not everyone
peddles the bikes now
and power failures become more frequent
social inequality is a burning issue
some parts of the ship have turned into
slums while others have grown into
abodes of luxury
equipment gradually wears down making it
difficult to extract water
and most plants and nature zones wither
because of the clogged ventilation
systems
to save more energy some parts of the
ship are cut off from air and electrical
supply
people who lived in those areas have to
move to the central part of the ship
the already cramped space becomes even
stuffier
and with the lack of personal space
comes growing irritation
soon it becomes obvious there's no other
way out but to create
a faster than light engine or ftl
it would require major refurbishments
and changes to the ship's structure
the matter is up for a vote and
surprisingly not everyone agrees
some people don't want to take any risks
and are already used to considering the
ship their home
they want to use the ship's resources
for global repairs
people's opinions are divided conflict
is inevitable
and humanity risks disappearing from the
universe
resolution comes unexpectedly from
impending danger
it turns out that the ship is heading
towards a wide and unusually dense
asteroid belt
the celestial bodies are packed so tight
they leave hardly any space for the ship
to maneuver
a collision at the current speed is
inevitable
the only hope left for humanity is to go
all out
on building the ftl engine
the work takes months but it's united
people wants more
everyone works around the clock and only
sleeps as much as they need to regain
strength while half the people help
build the engine
the other half pedal the bikes to
generate energy
[Music]
there's once again a glitter of hope
that humanity will be able to find a new
world with enough space for everyone
the risks are sky high but there's no
choice
the energy is only enough for a single
attempt to jump
if it fails humankind could be stranded
in outer space
on a broken starship before the jump
people send a capsule with information
about humanity
into space they upload videos movies
music and the entire history of
humankind onto several massive hard
drives
this is the only chance to leave a small
footprint in the universe
if they don't succeed everyone is ready
all power is transferred to the engine
people lie down in small capsules and
put on oxygen masks
theirs is a single desire to wake up in
a new world
or not at all no one's ready to watch
the fall of humanity
capsules are locked people close their
eyes the engine is on
the countdown begins three two
one jumper